Code conventions: acceptable use of "is var o" (#8052)
SonarSource/sonar-dotnet: docs/coding-style.md

  * otherwise, use nested conditions
* Use positive logic.
* Use `is {}` and `is not null` as null-checks (instead of `!= null`).

> * Use of `is var o` can be used only where variable declarations would require additional nesting.

Reviewer: To fix the grammar
```suggestion
* Var pattern `is var o` can be used only where variable declarations would require additional nesting.
```
